Document new standalone options for PerfTool (#988)
eclipse-openj9/openj9-docs: docs/xxperftool.md

<!--
* Copyright (c) 2017, 2022 IBM Corp. and others
*
* This program and the accompanying materials are made
* available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License 2.0
* which accompanies this distribution and is available at
* https://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-2.0/ or the Apache
* License, Version 2.0 which accompanies this distribution and
* is available at https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.
*
* This Source Code may also be made available under the
* following Secondary Licenses when the conditions for such
* availability set forth in the Eclipse Public License, v. 2.0
* are satisfied: GNU General Public License, version 2 with
* the GNU Classpath Exception [1] and GNU General Public
* License, version 2 with the OpenJDK Assembly Exception [2].
*
* [1] https://www.gnu.org/software/classpath/license.html
* [2] http://openjdk.java.net/legal/assembly-exception.html
*
* SPDX-License-Identifier: EPL-2.0 OR Apache-2.0 OR GPL-2.0 WITH
* Classpath-exception-2.0 OR LicenseRef-GPL-2.0 WITH Assembly-exception
-->

# -XX:\[+|-\]PerfTool

> This option enables or disables the `perf` tool without affecting the existing `Xjit` options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option enables or disables JIT support for the `perf` tool without affecting the existing `Xjit` options.
```

The `perf` tool is a program that's separate from the JVM. The way it works is, you run the JVM, and then (perhaps in a separate terminal) you run `perf`.

:fontawesome-solid-exclamation-triangle:{: .warn aria-hidden="true"} **Restriction:** Since this option creates a file that is used by the Linux&reg; system profiler, `perf`, it applies only to Linux.

## Syntax

        -XX:[+|-]PerfTool

| Setting                 | Effect  | Default                                                                            |
|-------------------------|---------|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|
| `-XX:+PerfTool` | Enable  |   |
| `-XX:-PerfTool` | Disable | :fontawesome-solid-check:{: .yes aria-hidden="true"}<span class="sr-only">yes</span>                                                          |

## Explanation

> The `-XX:+PerfTool` option is a stand-alone alternative for the existing `-Xjit:perfTool` option. If multiple `-Xjit` options exist, only the last option takes effect. Therefore, if the `-Xjit:perfTool` option is added later, it overrides the existing `-Xjit` options. To overcome this issue, the `XX:+PerfTool` option enables the `perf` tool and creates the `/tmp/perf-<pid>.map` file for the JIT compiled code without having any impact on the existing `Xjit` options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `-XX:+PerfTool` option is a stand-alone alternative for the existing `-Xjit:perfTool` option. If multiple `-Xjit` options exist, only the last option takes effect. Therefore, if the `-Xjit:perfTool` option is added later, it overrides the existing `-Xjit` options. To overcome this issue, the `XX:+PerfTool` option enables JIT support for the `perf` tool without having any impact on the existing `Xjit` options. Enabling this option creates the `/tmp/perf-<pid>.map` file which is used by `perf` to resolve samples in JIT compiled code.
```

> The `-XX:+PerfTool` option is a stand-alone alternative for the existing `-Xjit:perfTool` option. If multiple `-Xjit` options exist, only the last option takes effect. Therefore, if the `-Xjit:perfTool` option is added later, it overrides the existing `-Xjit` options. To overcome this issue, the `XX:+PerfTool` option enables JIT support for the `perf` tool without having any impact on the existing `Xjit` options. This enabling option creates the `/tmp/perf-<pid>.map` file that is used by the `perf` tool to map the JIT-compiled method symbols to the corresponding Java method addresses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `-XX:+PerfTool` option is a stand-alone alternative for the existing `-Xjit:perfTool` option. If multiple `-Xjit` options exist, only the last option takes effect. Therefore, if the `-Xjit:perfTool` option is added later, it overrides the existing `-Xjit` options. To overcome this issue, the `XX:+PerfTool` option enables JIT support for the `perf` tool without having any impact on the existing `Xjit` options. This enabling option creates the `/tmp/perf-<pid>.map` file that is used by the `perf` tool to map the samples in JIT-compiled code to the corresponding Java method names.
```

> To disable the `perf` tool, set the `-XX:-PerfTool` option on the command line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To disable JIT support for the `perf` tool, set the `-XX:-PerfTool` option on the command line.
```
We're not disabling the `perf` tool (since it's a tool that's independent of the JVM).

Author: Change incorporated.
